well hello over and welcome to Game of
Thrones season 3 crabbed this is the one
where all of the actors have gone
through puberty so I hope you've caught
up with seasons 1 & 2 let's go samwell
tarly has escaped the fist of the first
men to the sounds of undead slaughter
White's attack from the Blizzard but
Mormont is organized to retreat back to
the wall
further north John reaches for vast
wildling army and gets his first sight
of a giant black snot a popular color to
be wearing around here but John presents
himself to this likely warrior however
this is for king-beyond-the-wall mance
rayder they test John's intent but for
now he's in Cersei pops in on Tyrion to
make sure he doesn't plan on telling
daddy she tried to have him killed in a
battle and Podrick the squire interrupts
Braun's private time to have him almost
frodan with Circe's gold cloaks before
doubling his bodyguard fee he's a knight
now Tywin gives Tyrion a hard time for
the company he keeps
but the son is angry at getting no
recognition from the father Lord Tywin
admit he did well in for defense but
hates Tyrion for tears and will never
let him inherit 4 Lannister home Santa
is trying to forget the life that she's
stuck in by chilling out with Shae and
Littlefinger offers promise of a real
opportunity to leave with him but his
own right-hand [ __ ] warns shade to
watch out for her with him the
soon-to-be Queen Margaery puts on a
great show visiting the orphans of
King's Landing and winning over the
people something that Joffrey doesn't
enjoy and it says he despises so roll on
awkward dinner sir Davos lives washed up
on a jut of rock at sea and rescued by
the men of Salladhor saan
it seems Melisandre has been burning
more men alive since for retreat and
having lost his own son to fire Davos
plans to kill her in order to stop the
corruption of his King he faces from
both on Dragonstone but she has the
Kings ear and The Onion Knight is
imprisoned Robb marches on Harrenhal
with Roose Bolton and it doesn't look
like the mountain is fair to defend it
instead all of the northern prisoners
have been slaughtered and left to rot
including those close to all of the
lords but one man called Qyburn yet
lives
danny's on a ship to a stupor in need of
an army her dragons are growing four
Dothraki a seasick and Sidora friendzone
thinks for buying unsullied elite
soldier slaves might be a way to go
under the harpy er for city she's
invited to view the most elite ly and
horribly trained soldiers but money can
buy totally obedient and without
self-worth this is a slave culture where
humans are commodities and it leaves a
sour taste in Danny's mouth
I let deport however a child assassin of
a warlocks almost has her killed by a
Manticore sting but she's saved by none
other than Sir Barristan Selmy who
swears himself to her service brand
dreams of family in a free eyed Raven
and then of another boy he's not yet met
they're still a long way from the wall
Lord Bolton brings some bad news for
Robin Catelyn her father has died at
Riverrun and Bolton's son that was sent
to clear Winterfell reports bran and
Rickon missing with feel and the
Ironborn gone Lord Karstark calls things
as they are and thinks for the funeral
at Riverrun is a waste of time they've
lost for frey army since Rob broke his
oath to them and married to Lisa who is
at least connecting with Catelyn in her
grief in reality Theon doesn't know
where he is but it's nowhere good he's
being tortured somewhere by various
means but this servant says he's been
sent by his sister to help him escape
later Brienne is still walking Jaime
self and after some lip about Renly has
a moment's insightfulness about we don't
get to choose who we love but on a
bridge he slips one of her swords with
the intent to kill and escape Brienne is
a patient fighter however and Jaime's
out-of-shape problem is they've called
attention to themselves and they're both
captured by lock one of Bolton's more
unsavory hunters Cersei is back with
some good advice for Joffrey advising
him to watch Margaery closely lest she
win over four people away from him but
the king doesn't listen to anyone
Shay's getting protective over Sansa and
so Loras takes her for a visit to see
Marjorie and her grandmother
olena of house Tyrell this lady is no
fool in his shop as a witch and wants to
know what kind of boy her granddaughter
is marrying poor Sansa admits he's a
monster
but marjorie is committed to being queen
so she also pretends that she's sort of
into killing stuff and Joffrey likes it
manse tells John he's United all of the
seven different cultures and people's
that make up the wildlings because he
knows they'll all die unless they get
south away from the others Jon meets his
first walk a rel who can enter the minds
of animals and act as a scout and he
reports that the fist of the first men
is littered with dead crows votes
retreating survivors are giving Sam a
hard time for not sending out for Ravens
but Jon trained some of them to be
better men and in the woods bran meets a
boy of his dreams OSHA doesn't want any
guests but he's not alone Jojen Reed and
his sister Meera have been searching for
bran and some his direwolf seems to give
him the thumbs up in this new fellowship
Jojen knows that bran is a walk and has
visions himself while his fighting
sister is kind where OSHA is tough
Arya's group run into forests of mirror
and a brother
part of a force fit net sent out in
season one to hunt down a mountain
before the [ __ ] got real they've now
devolved into a band of merry men and
after some banter fair about to let Aria
go but they've also caught the hound who
lets on but she's a stark Catalans
father is sent to rest on the river
Trident and we meet the Tully's her
brother Ed Muir not bad but not the best
and now Lord of Riverrun and her cunning
an independent uncle Brendan the
blackfish ed Muir has caught some
distant Lannister related hostages but
it's actually fouled up some of Rob's
war plans meanwhile Catalan mourns and
Brendan is four rock Tywin power plays
for small Council but Tyrion doesn't
play along and Littlefinger is to go and
woo Catelyn sister Lysa to bring the
forces of a Vale to their side so
Tyrians now master of coin he picks up
the ledgers from the brothel and gives
Podrick some lady time as a thank-you
for saving his life but discovers four
crown is in huge debt to the iron bank
of Braavos Jaime warns Brienne verlox
group are likely to rape her for a bad
bunch and despite fighting her himself
he does invite her not to get killed
that night as she resists Jaime lies
about the Sapphire Isles Brienne is from
claiming her father is loaded and that
she's worth four high ransom if she's
alive Locke buys her story and she
remains unmolested for now but this is
for wrong crowd to play with and he cuts
off Jaime's sword hand out of sheer
cruelty for wildling army discover four
spiral scenes of gore left by the
assault of the others only horses
remained because the other dead men have
risen again as White's this blow against
the Nights Watch is also an opportunity
so a man sends tormund and John to climb
for war with a small force and attack
Castle black from the rear in part to
test his true colors Commander Mormont
and the defeated make it back to
Craster's keep
it's a frosty reception but he still
lets him in Gilly is next door giving
birth with some of her daughter wives
and Sam pops in for a visit to discover
she's given birth to a boy over a nasty
poor Sir Jorah argues for an unsullied
army they all have their junk cut off
and therefore wouldn't be an army of
rapists he's a bit jealous of Cerberus
dooms presence who wants them to leave
the slave culture as they walk under
forecast of a giant harpy she agrees to
sell one of her dragons to them in
return for every single unsullied
soldier they have and she takes
mistranslate to slave girl - this guy
helps film to escape from his torture on
a horse but Theon has no idea where he
is and he's soon hunted down for sport
beaten and they're nearly raped before
saved again by the same guy we
turns out to be quite future on the road
he leads fee on to what should be his
sister Yara and some loyal men out of
sheer relief Greyjoy laments his actions
and admits that he didn't really kill
the stark boys who had never found but
it's all a cruel joke
he's been led back to the torture
chamber they started in and tied back to
the cross for some more Jaime is a
broken man who's forced to have his
rotting hand hung around his neck made
to drink horse piss and beaten Brienne
tries to keep him going however she
knows that he lied to stop it getting
raped but doesn't understand why Varys
tells Tyrion about how he was sold as a
child to a warlock and had his privates
root and stem cut off the dark magic
part of why he despises Stannis and his
red witch instead of dying various grew
to become a thief and then better
someone who stole information instead
and now this mumps lootcrate theme is
warlocks from your past at Craster's
keep the remaining men afore watcher
cold and hungry and an unusually high
percentage of the survivors are scumbags
they turn on each other and kill both
Craster and Commander Mormont
it's brother V brother and Sam escapes
with Gilly from the baby Hut
but Brotherhood of out banners take Arya
Gendry and for hound to their secret
hideouts where they're led by beric
Dondarrion who is reborn and follows the
same red goddess Melisandre in order to
aid four people the hound is accused for
various crimes and is going to face Don
Dorian in trial by combat Margery and
Joffrey are getting along over the
wedding preparations and she manages to
give him a taste of being loved by the
people for once sir she doesn't like the
influence that she's having on him and
wishes that she was in charge she checks
on Tywin to see what he's doing to find
her brother Jaime and it looks like he's
busy writing a lot of letters but to who
Dany trades a priceless dragon for all
of the unsullied warriors in Astapor
turns out that she's been betting on
their unflinching nature of following
orders all along because once they're
hers she has been killed Oliver wise
masters and drogon burns verse later
Lord she's freed four slaves of the city
and leaves with an army at her side
beric Dondarrion faces the Hound with a
flaming sword in his trial it's a
desperate mess but the Lord of Light
sees fit for the Hound to win yet
despite this barrack remains undead
thanks to the red god and continues to
lead for brotherhood was for hound is
released
Gendry decides he likes fist lot so he's
going to stay in Smith for him which
breaks arias heart but she's going to be
ransomed back to the Starks for some
gold so they're kind of
on the same page for wildling raiding
party test John's knowledge of a watch
for their attack but you get backs his
play and he breaks his no sex vows with
her in a cave on the way to the wall
Locke takes Jamie to Harrenhal for Lord
Bolton who's not impressed at the
mistreatment of hasta jizz and that guy
Kai burned they found earlier turns out
to be a maester who is stripped of his
chain for performing questionable
research but he manages to save the rest
of Jamie's arm at Riverrun Lord Karstark
is so eager for revenge he kills those
two Lannister boys for Robb had his
hostage Rob's lost a lot of respect for
losing Winterfell and for his mother
releasing Jamie so now he's forced to
execute Karstark as his father would
have and lose yet another huge part of
his army so now he needs to make amends
with a phrase and apologize for not
marrying one of warders daughters
Stannis finally visits his actual wife
she's mental and has put their stillborn
babies in jars but totally pro
Melisandre even if he bangs her he also
has a daughter with greyscale who's kind
of shunted to sweet child nonetheless so
this princess Shireen goes to visit
Davos in his cell and teaches him to
read to pass for time over a bath sir
Jaime to King's lair admits that he
killed the Mad King Aerys Targaryen
because he was actually about to burn
down the whole of King's Landing this
would have killed half a million people
with wildfire when he was losing a war
Brienne doesn't know what to make of
that Margaery makes friends of Sansa and
plans to have her taken to Highgarden
away from the Lannisters in order to
marry ser Loras after she's made Queen
but Littlefinger finds out and tells
Tywin Lannister's won't let the key to
the north be lost over Tyrells survey
force Tyrion to marry her first and even
he thinks that's cruel a smiles wiped
off of Circe's face however because
father commands her to marry ser Loras
instead with the baby it's slow-going
for them to find their way back to the
wall but Gilly is wide-eyed at Sam's
experience of a wider world even though
she's better at useful things like
making fires
Jojen reads visions also give him
seizures but he sees Jon Snow and
wildlings on the wrong side of a wall
Egrets tells Jon but regardless of whose
side they're on it's all about the two
of them from now on she's kind of
worried about his true allegiance but
tormund's not and he's a likeable guy
it's a brave climb for them all in the
freezing winds and a wall is a
treacherous thing that defends itself
but John manages to safety yet just
before they're cut loose by orell
despite their losses they make it to the
top of the world and view the north
against herself
Santo goes to visit forest Burak and the
Brotherhood seeing as they all share the
same God she stunned it for us his power
of resurrection but has come to claim
Gendry she wants his Kings blood for
future sacrifices to help Stannis and
although Arya steps up Melisandre sees a
darkness in a girl's future before they
leave Theon is still being tortured by
this guy and today it's all about
skinning fingers until he begs to have
them cut off Lord Walder Frey is still
open to a continued alliance with the
north but he wants a lot of recompense
an apology Harrenhal and for Edmure
Tully to marry one of his daughters in
Rob's place
Edna is not up for it but he's gonna
have to take the hit interestingly Roose
Bolton hasn't yet sent Jaime back to rob
and over dinner the discussion turns
towards still allowing him to reach
King's Landing and earn the thanks of
Tywin but without Brienne in tow to
claim Santa an area in return
Tyrion discovers it was Joffrey who
wanted him killed in battle and he
answer see also lament weddings were not
interested in for the good of her realm
Sansa was totally up for marrying ser
Loras not very good but Tyrion has to
give her the fun news she's not too
happy about it
baris was using one of little fingers
girls as an informer so finding out
Peter gives her over to Joffrey for some
murder fun and claims that chaos is a
ladder for him to climb even higher as
Jon and the Raiders make their way
through the woods or Rell tries to come
between him and egrets john sees a
bravery in the wildlings but knows
they're doomed to fail in attacking a
wall and he's starting to care about
that and as Rob's force make their way
up to the twins for the wedding to the
phrase he discovers Talisa is pregnant
with his child
Margaery tries to tell Sansa that Tyrion
might not be that awful to marry while
bran tells Tyrion to grin and bear it
especially seeing as he can't marry a
[ __ ] like Shae who's giving him [ __ ]
about marrying Sansa you see Tyrion has
married a [ __ ] once in a past
apparently much to the anger of Tywin
who by the way has been summoned to
report on all of his meetings to Joffrey
however Tywin doesn't take [ __ ] from
anyone and counsels for king he also
tells trough not to worry about for
rumors of dragons overseas danny's
marching army come from a stupor to the
next great slaver city young Kai they
send out an invoice suggest that she
takes some gold and continue on her
merry way without attacking him and they
even offer her some ships to sort off on
back to Westeros Danny's got a taste
however for releasing slaves and demands
that the city release everybody in
Chains Arya is angry at a brotherhood
for selling off Gendry and delaying in
taking her home so she runs off and is
kidnapped by sandor clegane who's been
tailing the group since for trial by
combat Jaime swears to Brienne that
he'll still return the stark girls to
Catelyn before Bolton send him off with
regards to Tywin
he further discovers some of the cruel
experiments of Chi burns past and
realizes Locke is more likely to torture
and murder Brienne just for fun so he
forces his Bolton escort to return to
Harrenhal where he discovers she's being
forced to fight a bear with a wooden
sword Jaime jumps into safer and takes
herself with him today in torture town
two girls in tights' fee on until he
starts to get into it only to be
interrupted before he reached his
satisfaction in order to have his dick
cut off Jojen informed bran for his free
eye Draven visions relate to a man they
must meet beyond the wall but OSHA
stubbornly wants to go to Castle black
she knows how terrible things are beyond
fair because her own husband returned
from the dead to attack her before she
escaped South however Jojen says that
route is not for them as for hounds
captive arya considered smashing his
face in with a rock but they're kind of
stuck on a road together because he
actually intends to take her to the
twins and sell her back to Robb and
Catelyn which is who she wants to see
anyway Dany and co scout out the cell
swords Fiesta pori have hide before they
go to war and they're a group called the
second son's she invites fair free
leaders up to her tent to see if they
want to come over to her side but
they're not interested although one of
our leaders Daario naharis does linger
for another look back at the camp they
discuss how Danny's unsullied army would
be tough to defeat and decide to send
Daario in the dead of night to
assassinate her instead that night he
slips into the camp all right but he's
bought four heads of the other two
leaders swears to her beauty and brings
for second sons over to her side
Melisandre returns to Dragonstone of
Gendry in tow and it's hinted that she
means to burn him Davos persevered and
learning to read and Stannis pops down
to the cells for a visit he's seen a
vision in the flames of a battle in the
snow and once Davos back his hand as
long as he doesn't try to kill the
priestess again who in the meantime has
sex of Gendry leeches him and then her
Stannis throw him into the fire as a
spell to kill Rob Balin and Joffrey the
other remaining kings Margery and Cersei
put on their smiles for Sansa and
Tyrians wedding day despite one
threatening to have the other one
strangled and Jaffa lead Sansa into the
Sept but takes a stall vet tearian
needed in a dick move to spoil the
moment
forcing Santa to kneel in order to be
cloaked
answer is as ever hostage to the
situation and tirion results to get
drunk taiwanese ever despises his ways
and warns tyrion he better consummate
the wedding of Sansa and get her with
child Loras and Cersei are both equally
miserable a prospect of each other and
drunk Joffrey suggests raping Sansa
later by evening
however drunk Tyrion threatens to cut
his [ __ ] off in front of everyone but
when it comes to the bedding Tyrion
can't quite bring himself to have sex
with a 14 year old girl against her will
well done Gilly salmon a babe holed up
in a shack for the night but drawn by
the sound of crows Sam ventures out to
discover a white Walker verse come for
the baby despite his fear and the fact
that these fiends can shatter steel with
a touch sam stabs it with the
dragonglass dagger he found at the fist
of the first men weakness discovered
Daario plans to sneak into a stupor with
the unsullied captain grey worm answer
Jorah and opened the gates from within
seeing as for young Kai don't realise
he's changed sides they're great
fighters and return to report that the
city as now theirs so Jorah is
distraught to realize however that
Daario is now Danny's favorite sam plans
to take Gilly under the wall via an
ancient secret passage near the
Nightfort another long abandoned castle
er for watch Brannon Co holed up in an
abandoned tower on for gift while a
storm comes in while at the same time
Jon and a wildlings are stealing horses
their owner escapes and makes it to the
same tower but the wildlings are on him
Hodor freaks out of the sound of thunder
so bran walks him silent before they're
all discovered Jon is made to kill the
man to prove he's one of them but
instead he fights off the wildlings
while tormund stops he glit from making
a bad choice Rann inhabits four body of
summer to help and Jon kills all Rover
warg while he's inhabiting the body of
his eagle for a counter-attack before
barely escaping on a horse and that
night once for coast is clear
OSHA is going to depart with Rickon
towards the umbers for safety or bran
Jojen and Meera continue on Rob plans a
bold move to strike at Casterly Rock the
home of Lannisters in order to
destabilize their position in the war
but first everybody has to eat some
humble pie back at the twins and
apologize to Lord Frey for Robb marrying
Talisa instead he's made to apologize to
each of phrase many daughters whilst Ed
Muir tries to guess which one is meant
for him Walder Frey is a sour vulture
who gives him all lip that they stay
cool and it's time for a wedding and in
order to get to that for a Tully wedding
the Hound steals a butcher's cart but
Arya stops him from killing
man he's robbed they make their way up
in a day and she looks at the twins
eager to reunite with her family and
turns our ed me--is wife is pretty cute
so that's a relief for him the drums
beat loudly in a celebration hall and
things might be okay Lord Bolton doesn't
drink however and once ed Muir and
Rosalind a pact offered a bedding
something doesn't sit right with Catelyn
bender band play a Lannister song and
she discovers Bolton is wearing armor
Walder Frey announces his wedding gift
to rob and all of a sudden the phrase
are killing everyone including stabbing
Talisa right in the baby outside they
kill Rob's direwolf an area catches
sight of this before the Hound drags her
away from the slaughter inside the
murder zone Catelyn grabs Walters wife
and pleads for her son's life but Bolton
gives a final blow
the Lannisters give their regards so
Catelyn kills her girl and have
absolutely nothing left she just stands
there until someone takes her life
outside for castles it's slaughter
phrase and Bolton's dreadfort men are
killing Starks everywhere The Hound
escapes four-seam of Arya as her head of
Rob's direwolf is paraded about on a
body of his corpse back down at King's
Landing on a very basic level Tyrion and
santur just about managing to get along
until the small council celebrate the
success of their plot to have alder Frey
Joffrey wanted to serve Rob's head to
Santa at his wedding feast but Tyrion
won't have it the young king gets all
antsy everyone so Tywin proves his real
power and has Joffrey sent to bed Sansa
is of course miserable again gloating
over the mess at the twins Roose Bolton
is now warden of the north and Walder
Frey has four backing of the Lannisters
turns out it's Bolton's bastard son
Ramsay who's been torturing Theon all of
this time and having broken his spirit
he gives Fiona a new name reek he also
posts films dick back to his family on
the Iron Islands telling them to leave
the north and despite Balin not carrying
Yara picks her faster ship and an elite
team of men to bring Theon home bran
Hodor and the reeds reach for Nightfort
by the wall they make camp but in the
dead of night they hear something coming
up from deep inside the well but it's
just Sam and Gilly heading the other way
for Castle black Sam realizes this is
Jon's younger brother so he shows from
the secret route gives him some
dragonglass daggers and they part ways
on their separate journeys Sam makes it
back to Castle black - tell maester
aemon what went down at the fist and the
keep and they send out all of their
Ravens to warn of the others and beg for
realm for help down on Dragonstone Davos
continues his reading lessons and
discovers one of hooray
it's messages just as word of Rob's
death reaches from he still employs
Stannis not to burn Gentry for blood
magic but Melisandre has his ear on the
topic so in secret he sends Gendry off
in a boat to save the boy's life mela is
furious at him for saving one innocent
life but risking the doom of thousands
in a prolonged war for treason Stannis
is about to sentence him to die but
Davos warns of what's happening up on
the wall and the coming of the others
and this is actually the true war that
Melisandre has been on about all along
baris offers Shae money to leave
Westeros and start a new life he
believes that Tyrion is one of a few
people
able to make the realm a better place
but not if he has complications like her
floating around no dice Arya is back on
the road and kills a free man for
gloating about for a red wedding forcing
the Hound to kill the others after
getting so near and yet so far
revenge and murder seems to be all that
she has left he cadet catches up with
Jon and they have an emotional farewell
while she's peppering him with arrows he
just about makes it to Castle black to
meet back with his friends and Jaime
gets back to King's Landing with Qyburn
and Brienne in tow and reunites with
Cersei while over a stupor all of the
freed slaves come out to praise Dany and
call her their mother now with two
armies for remaining Dothraki for sell
swords and her dragons her power grows
even more so films being tortured
Sansa's married to Tyrion and Arya is
dying on the inside while she's hanging
out with the Hound
Jon has made it to Castle black in order
to warn of wildlings and while bran
isn't far away Stannis is also looking
to the north whilst Dany grows in
strength
however Robb and Catelyn are dead so
what the [ __ ] happens now oh my god
thanks a lot as ever for watching guys I
hope you've enjoyed having Game of
Thrones season 3 crammed inside of you
don't forget to hit like and subscribe
because YouTube is a heartless numbers
machine and it really helps me out I'll
see you guys next time